Pausing SV - Customer communication (#5827)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/manage/scheduled-views/pausing-inactive-scheduled-views.md

---
id: pausing-inactive-scheduled-views
title: Pausing Unused Scheduled Views
description: Lean about the autopausing of scheduled views after 90 days of inactivity.
---
import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

Scheduled Views accelerate searches on small and historical subsets of your data by functioning as a pre-aggregated or pre-compute index. 

> Starting **October 15**, Scheduled View(s) that have not been queried or referred for **90** consecutive days will be flagged for review, this helps with optimizing the system performance and resource usage. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting **October 15, 2025**, Scheduled Views that have not been queried or referred for **90** consecutive days will be flagged for review. This helps with optimizing the system performance and resource usage. 
```

> In-app warning and email notifications will be sent to Scheduled View(s) owner and all active account admins with the list of Scheduled View(s) that are flagged. These notifications will be sent 21 days and 7 days prior to the date of pausing. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In-app warning and email notifications will be sent to Scheduled View owners and all active account administrators with the list of Scheduled Views that are flagged. These notifications will be sent 21 days and 7 days prior to the date of pausing. 
```

> If no action is taken, the Scheduled View(s) will be automatically paused on the 90th day and a final notification will be sent. To avoid pausing, make sure your Scheduled Views are regularly queried.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no action is taken, the Scheduled Views will be automatically paused on the 90th day and a final notification will be sent. To avoid pausing, make sure your Scheduled Views are regularly queried.
```

## View AutoPause Details

1. [**New UI**](/docs/get-started/sumo-logic-ui). In the main Sumo Logic menu select **Data Management**, and then under **Logs** select **Scheduled Views**. You can also click the **Go To...** menu at the top of the screen and select **Scheduled Views**.<br/> [**Classic UI**](/docs/get-started/sumo-logic-ui-classic). In the main Sumo Logic menu, select **Manage Data > Logs > Scheduled Views**. 
1. Navigate and open the required Scheduled View.

> 1. The Scheduled Views details are displayed on the right side of the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The Scheduled View details are displayed on the right side of the page.
```
